All right, boys and girls, welcome back.
We are now at the part of this tutorial
where we're walking through different software
and platforming, creating accounts
and actually doing things instead of just listening to me.
So get yourself ready, get the document up,
we're gonna be doing a lot of setup,
let's get right into it.
So the most essential part and most essential step
in the beginning is creating an Apple Developer account.
So you just click this link, start an enrollment
and you can choose to either create a brand new iCloud account
or just use your personal one.
It's truly up to you.
Once you've logged in, this would usually
pump you to login, but I've already signed in,
so it doesn't matter.
Once you're signed in, it will then ask you
to pay a subscription.
I would choose the personal $99 a year plan.
Just, it will say your full name on the App Store,
but it doesn't really matter for now.
Just as long as you have the membership,
we can start moving forward with building the app
and then you can change everything else later.
So once that's purchased, we're all set to go
and that's a solid start to make a new tutorial work.
So yeah, good job guys.